Update readme add diagram (#1311)
kubev2v/forklift: README.md

![Build](https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift/workflows/Build%20and%20push%20images/badge.svg)&nbsp;![CI](https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift/workflows/CI/badge.svg)&nbsp;[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/kubev2v/forklift/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=VV6EBWKJGB)](https://codecov.io/gh/kubev2v/forklift)

# Forklift
Migrates virtual machines at scale to Kubernetes KubeVirt.
Migrations are performed in a few simple steps, first by providing source and destination credentials,
then mapping the source and destination infrastructure and creating a choreographed plan, and finally,
executing the migration effort.

> ![diagram.png](docs/diagram.png)

Reviewer: wow, pictures :-)

## Features
- **Warm migration** using Change Block Tracking/Incremental Backup to reduce the downtime, supported in VMware and oVirt migrations.
- For VMware migrations, the Forklift uses [virt-v2v](https://libguestfs.org/virt-v2v.1.html) **guest conversions** which installs the virtio drivers and edits the guest to run on QEMU-KVM.
- Migrating to **remote clusters**, user can install the Forklift on one cluster and orchestrate other cluster to do the migration.
- Migrating VMs **between clusters** using the KubeVirt [Export API](https://kubevirt.io/user-guide/storage/export_api/).

> - **Validations** of the Virtual Machines to let users know if migration would be successful.

Reviewer: successful sound too definite, at may still fails on things
maybe:
```suggestion
- **Validations** of the Virtual Machines to let users know if migration plan has issues that need to be addressed before running.
```
